[docs] Promote `AutoModel` usage (#11300)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/quicktour.md

>>> model = UNet2DModel.from_pretrained(repo_id, use_safetensors=True)
```

> <Tip>
> 
> Use `AutoModel` from `from diffusers import AutoModel` in case you are unsure which model class to use.
> 
> </Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> Use the [`AutoModel`] API to automatically select a model class if you're unsure of which one to use.
```
